hello today I am reviewing the ZOA
magical pixie collection I just got it
this week and I'm super excited for the
sparkly pixie dust collection has three
shades and we have a Vega which is this
gorgeous blue light blue shimmer and Lux
is this beautiful dusty rose a little
blush rose pink shimmer and casma which
is a gorgeous silver shimmer and you can
see all that holographic sparkle it's
really different from the regular pixie
ducks collection as you can see here is
cheetah cheetah and this is a much more
smaller shimmers where the magical pixie
ducks collection is having much larger
glitters which is going to make it super
shiny as you can see with this light
comparison although I was a huge fan of
these pixie dust the regular collections
I am super excited to show you this new
finish for pixie dust I first I wanted
to just go over how when I first saw
this collection because of the chunky
glitters I thought it was going to be
extremely hard to apply to the nail like
usual chunky glitter is where sometimes
it doesn't apply evenly but luckily with
Zoya is awesome formula you have like no
issues applying this polish at all you
can see it really is not that of a
chunky formula it just applies very
easily like the regular pixie dust
finish and let me show you that I'm just
using has a Cosmo right now to do all
for my nails and I'll show you how
simple it is to apply
I'm just gonna brush a little bit off
and then just glide it on this is the
first coat so you can see it just glides
on very easily and I'll do just one thin
layer to begin with I do it on the rest
of the nails it really is a nice even
coat
so you can see the first one layer is
sort of pretty good coverage actually I
was shocked by how well you it covered
in the first one for being such a high
density glitter but look how slightly
this is right now I'm just one color I
like to let my nails dry a little more
than usual when doing the pixie finishes
just because I feel like if you'd let it
dry a little more in between layers you
really get a better finish with the
pixie and having textured nails so now
I'm just going to apply another layer
and once again you really do not need to
have that much on your brush this is
just the best formula I've ever worked
with
for such gorgeous glitters
and there is the second complete lair
can you just see all this glitter and
how perfect you really only need to cup
two coats you don't see the natural nail
line at all and it just shines so much
so once it dries more you'll have the
pixie dust finish it is completely dry
now so it has the texture effect and
surprisingly even though how chunky some
of these glitters are you would think
the texture was more rough but it is
very similar to the regular pixie dust
it's just the slightest amount to get
rid of that extra interest and give you
the texture effect overall I obviously
love this color Cosmo I am going to be
doing that other two for swatches and I
will be posting my complete swatches and
Tuesday hopefully I wanted to get this
video out as soon as possible just
because I know a lot of people are
probably really interested in this these
magical pixie dust and if you have the
same concerns about me having it be hard
application because of the chunkiness
I'm pleased to tell you I did not have
any problems and you probably could tell
from that but soya just has the best
formula ever I love their polish so much
I really highly suggest getting these
three colors they're really gorgeous the
glitter is so sparkly I think I'm going
to like lux a lot because of the pink
and usually I don't like pink but this
dusty rose pink is just gorgeous I can't
wait to wear these when it's sunny
outside in the summer I know they're
going to be so sparkly
please let me know in the comments which
of these three you would like the most
do you like lux Vega or Cosmo I will see
you guys next time